Update details about dashboard sharing (#9945)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/sharing.md

3. Under **Time & Variable Settings**, configure your desired options for the time frame and whether users can change it, as well which tags are visible for selectable template variables.
4. Copy the URL and click **Done**.

> **Note**: Widgets based on APM traces queries do not display data on public dashboards. The Log Stream widget doesn't show data either, but other Log-based queries do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Widgets based on APM traces queries do not display data on public dashboards. The Log Stream widget doesn't show data either, but other log-based queries do.
```

6. (Optional) You can copy the URL to share; the specified email addresses will also receive an email with a link.
7. Click **Done**.

**Note**:

> - Individuals who are added to the allowlist for a dashboard will receive a link to their email. If they the link isn't clicked on within 1 hour, they will be able to self request a new link on the dashboard landing page. If the email is on the allowlist, they will receive a new email. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Individuals who are added to the allowlist for a dashboard receive a link in their email. If the link isn't clicked on within one hour, they can request a new link on the dashboard landing page. If their email address is on the allowlist, a new email is sent.
```

> - Once clicked, this device will be authorized to see the dashboard for up to 30 days. Once that time is up, the user will be able request a new link on the dashboard landing page. If the email is on the allowlist, they will receive a new email. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once clicked, a device will be authorized to see the dashboard for up to 30 days. Once that time is expired, the user can request a new link on the dashboard landing page. If their email address is on the allowlist, a new email is sent.
```

- If a user is removed from the allowlist, access will be removed.

> - Widgets based on APM traces queries do not display data on shared dashboards. The Log Stream widget doesn't show data either, but other Log-based queries do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Widgets based on APM traces queries do not display data on shared dashboards. The Log Stream widget doesn't show data either, but other log-based queries do.
```
